Java Profiling setup updates (#7778)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/_index.md

The Datadog Profiler requires [Java Flight Recorder][1]. The Datadog Profiling library is supported in OpenJDK 11+, Oracle Java 11+, and Zulu Java 8+ (minor version 1.8.0_212+). All JVM-based languages, such as Scala, Groovy, Kotlin, Clojure, etc. are supported. To begin profiling applications:

1. If you are already using Datadog, please upgrade your agent to version [7.20.2][7] or [6.20.2][7]. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. Update your service invocation to look like:

    ```text
    java -javaagent:dd-java-agent.jar -Ddd.profiling.enabled=true -jar <YOUR_SERVICE>.jar <YOUR_SERVICE_FLAGS>
    ```

>     **Note**: From `dd-java-agent.jar` library [versions 0.55][6]+ profiles are sent through the Datadog agent, deprecating the need to specify `-Ddd.profiling.api-key-file` and `-Ddd.site` (requires **[Agent 7.20.2][5]**+ or **6.20.2**+). With `dd-java-agent.jar` library versions 0.48-0.54, if your organization is on Datadog EU site, add `-Ddd.site=datadoghq.eu` or set `DD_SITE=datadoghq.eu` as environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Notes**:
    * From `dd-java-agent.jar` library [versions 0.55][6]+, profiles are sent through the Datadog Agent (requires **[Agent 7.20.2][5]**+ or **6.20.2**+), deprecating the need to specify `-Ddd.profiling.api-key-file` or equivalent.
    * Similarly, versions 0.55+ can use the Datadog EU site via the Datadog Agent config, deprecating the need to specify `-Ddd.site` or the DD_SITE environment variable, which were introduced in 0.48.
```

| Arguments                     | Environment variable      | Description                                       |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `-Ddd.profiling.enabled`      | DD_PROFILING_ENABLED      | Set to `true` to enable profiling.                |

> | `-Ddd.profiling.api-key-file` | DD_PROFILING_API_KEY_FILE | Deprecated from versions 0.55+. File that should contain the API key as a string. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-Ddd.profiling.api-key-file` | DD_PROFILING_API_KEY_FILE | Deprecated in versions 0.55. File that should contain the API key as a string. See above for how to configure dd-trace-java.jar to upload profiles via the Datadog Agent instead. |
```

|                               | DD_PROFILING_API_KEY      | Datadog API key.                                  |

> | `-Ddd.site`                   | DD_SITE                   | Deprecated from versions 0.55+. Destination site for your profiles (versions 0.48+). Valid options are `datadoghq.com` for Datadog US site (default), and `datadoghq.eu` for the Datadog EU site. |

Reviewer 2: Same.
